# Generating and Solving Complex Transfer Type Arithmetic Word Problems: An Ontological Approach

This page includes the content related to the work "Generating and Solving Complex Transfer Type Arithmetic Word Problems: An Ontological Approach". In the following, we provide an explanation of the important artifacts/data uploaded to this page. These artifacts/data will help understand the proposed work.
1. The "complex-TC-word-problems.json" dataset consists of a sample of 80 complex word problems generated by the proposed approach.
2. The "TC-Sentences.csv" dataset consists of 500 sentences. These sentences are extracted from the various TC word problems and there are four type of labels representing four differente classes: Before-Transfer (BT), Transfer (TR), After-Transfer (AT), and Question (QS) types of sentences.
3. The work uses two machine-learning based modules in the proposed solution: a) sentence classifier and b) BERT-based language model
   a) Sentence classifier is trained using the "TC-Sentences.csv" datasets. This moudle is used to predict the type of a sentence present in the TC word problem bieng solved.
   b) Once the sentence-type is learned, BERT-based language model (LM) is fine-tuned using the appropriate dataset. For instance, a LM fine-tuned using "TR-Sentences.csv" is later used to extract ontology ABox information from Transfer-type sentences. Currently, we only show how the TR-Sentences dataset is prepared and what are various labels devised (refer TR-Sentences.csv file). The other LM models (to extract information from BT/AT/QS types of sentences are fine-tuned in a similar manner).
Under OWL-Files folder, we have uploaded owl files to explain how a complex TC word problem (or word problems involving multiple object-transfers) is solved by the proposed approach. For more information, refer to Info.txt file uploaded under this folder.
